‎We live in momentous times.
‎Very soon now,
we’ll face the greatest demonstration
‎of God’s destructive power
ever seen on earth.
‎What can we expect to happen?
‎Thankfully,
Jehovah does not leave us in the dark.
‎Chapter 17 of the Pure Worship book
‎is about the final attack that will be made
‎on Jehovah’s people
‎during the great tribulation.
‎The enemy and leader of the attack
‎is named in the title of the chapter
‎“I Am Against You, O Gog.”
‎That title is drawn from Ezekiel 38:3.
‎Please read that with me:
‎“Say, ‘This is what
the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says:
‎“‘“Here I am against you, O Gog,
‎head chieftain of Meshech and Tubal.”’”
‎As you study this chapter,
‎look for the answers to these questions:
‎What’s the identity of Gog of Magog?
‎When, why, and how
will Gog attack Jehovah’s people?
‎What is the spiritual land,
and how can you beautify it?
‎Brothers and sisters,
we have no reason to fear
‎the approaching tribulation.
‎Jehovah tells us what to expect,
‎and he’ll be with us
every step of the way
‎as long as we continue
to uphold pure worship in our life.
‎Never forget this:
‎No enemy could ever prevail
‎against the Sovereign Lord Jehovah!